Uncle Nan for a little thing
You actually beat your own brother with each other?
The watchdog master didn't speak
Do you have the right to speak?
What you mean by special is what I mean.
You actually allowed a servant to bully your brother
You are so ruthless
Are you too biased?
Can't you see the wound on Grandpa's body?
It's not your fault, you broom star
It's you who make the leaflets confused between right and wrong
Those illegal things that are done natively
That's right.
Is it wrong for us to fight for defense?
At first, Hua Mingzhen refused to pay
Let the Holy Mother fall ill and die
Isn't this your fault?
It was you who made the provincial students lose their mother since childhood
But Ah Ye also lost his father since he was a child
Have you considered these?
Brother, when your mother drove my son away
Killed the biological mother
These grandmothers can ignore it.
But please
Let go of your little hands today, okay?
Xiaoye is your younger brother
Are you going to kill grandma?
Grandma, please
Let your brother go